today we're going to go ahead and we're
going to remove the body so he can
section a frame get all the wiring
harnesses radiator also I'm have to come
apart you see you box law stuff
disconnected we remove the body we'll
wrap the body will actually lift the
body off the frame roll the chassis out
and then we'll try to square up the
chassis where you're starting actually
cutting the chassis in half
the chats are already sectioned for the
factory we're going to try to remove a
couple of spot welds see if we can't
section it in that spot
we're actually over on our Evo
manufacturing facility this is where we
make the lift kits and suspension body
armor all that good stuff so we're
actually welding up some links right now
for the for the vehicle we're going to
evolve this vehicle make it into
something that can perform we're getting
rid of all the stock shocks Springs
axles get rid all that stuff tire tracks
making up some advil right now
Dena eighty rear damage 60 front
heavy-duty stuff we'll be doing a custom
long arm kit on here well actually
off-the-shelf evo long arm kit with coil
over and a bypass shock so today we're
dropping all the factory stuff we'll be
cutting off the frame all the brackets
and then clean it up so you do lay some
nice welds and I put all of our brackets
back on it we've already stretched the
back of the frame we did all that the
other day that's a way longer wheelbase
139 I think it's what the wheelbase is
we're gonna set up for 14 tire kind of
tall big work trucks platform she'll
work out really well
we got the Evo long arm jet installed we
got it all welded on we got our Pro Rock
it's a massive axle brand-new axle from
Dino Drac we got our evil Eber set up
starting to be installed in the back
we'll actually install the cantilever
and the shocks later today getting part
selection we're going to all these great
manufacturer this time of year is always
tough but they're all pulling through a
lot of guys are working a lot of late
nights
right now we we made a list of all the
parts we need for this project shocks
and axles and transfer cases and cage
and everything and so right now we're
just kind of going over what come what's
in the works what we have to still
follow up on we have six weeks until our
debut in Moab so it'll be real close but
we should have a beautiful functioning
vehicle by that point with some time to
be able to take it out and shake it down